feat: Support publishing from workflow dispatch tag (#10)
bluefireteam/melos-action: README.md

   is merged and then a second action that publishes your packages to pub.dev 
   is merged and then a second action that publishes your packages to pub.dev
   when the release preparation PR is merged.
2. Directly publish your packages to pub.dev when a PR from a normal user is
3. **Directly publish to pub.dev after user PR is merged:**
   Directly publish your packages to pub.dev when a PR from a normal user is
   merged and create a PR with the versioning changes afterwards.
3. Only use the action to ensure in your pipeline that your packages are
4. **Only run dry-run versioning and publishing as a check:**
   Only use the action to ensure in your pipeline that your packages are
   releasable, i.e doesn't fail any dry run.

And this note is worth repeating - Remember to check the "Allow GitHub Actions
to create and approve pull requests" checkbox in the bottom of the
Actions > General section of your repository settings if you want to use
`create-pr: true`.

### 1. Version and release on each PR

Create a file with the following content name `prepare-release.yaml` and place
it in `.github/workflows/`:

```yaml

> name: Prepare release

Reviewer: It would be good to have some example files still in the readme, or references to them at least.

Reviewer: Aah, just realized that this is a draft

Author: Ya still WIP 😅

Author: I added a link. For the default workflow, we would need 3 files. Idk if the README gets kind of heavy if copying them there.

Reviewer: Yeah, like will do fine :)

If you want to automatically release your packages for example when a new PR is
merged you have a few different options:

1. **[Version and release on workflow dispatch:](./examples/01-workflow-dispatch)**
   Create three actions: one which versions and dry-run publishes your packages

>    and then creates a release preparation PR when trigger this workflow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and then creates a release preparation PR when this workflow is triggered. 
```
